Responsibilities:
» Understanding Requirement Specifications and Design Documents
» Test the UI (Look and Feel) and DB (Database) areas
» Perform Re-testing, Regression testing
» Prepare Manual test cases and executing the test cases manually
» Report defects using defect tracking tool
» Analyse and classify the bug based on the severity
» To coordinate and supervise the work of the Team Member in the Client Place
» Tracking the issues generated in the client place
» Coordinate with core team members to resolve the issues on time and deliver it properly
» Tracking and communicate with the customer to closing the issue
» Schedule all internal and external team calls and meetings
» Excellent experience in automation of Web-based applications
» Proven ability in write automation script in Selenium JAVA code using JUnit and TestNG
» Solid experience of Waterfall Methodologies and Testing processes
» Solid experience of AGILE Methodologies, AGILE Manifesto and Scrum processes
» Proven skills in Lead and train the internal team members
» Strong experience of Insurance and ERP domains

Significant Highlights:
» Got the client's appreciation of the on time delivery of the live tickets
» Successfully gave training to the client after the Go Live
» Got Star of the Month award
» Successfully implement and run automation script, while after the production move done. For check 
 the build correctness
» Completed Agile Scrum Master Certification in the Exin


Designing, developing, and executing manual and automated test scripts


Keeping up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in software testing

Conducting regression testing to ensure that software changes do not adversely affect existing functionality
Assisting in the maintenance and upkeep of the testing environment and test data.

How many Jobs you applied?
How many Interview Invite you got?
What help do you need?

Findout top 10 to 20 companies

Hi [Recruiter's Name], I'm an experienced Test Architect seeking new opportunities. I came across your profile and am impressed with your expertise in tech recruiting. I'd love to connect and explore potential roles you're hiring for. Thanks!

Hello [Recruiter's Name], I hope this message finds you well. I noticed your work in talent acquisition and would love to connect and learn more about the opportunities available in the field of test architecture. I am a skilled and experienced test architect with [number of years] of experience and am currently seeking new career opportunities. Would you be open to connecting and potentially discussing any opportunities that may be a fit? Thank you for your time and consideration.

("HR Generalist" OR "Talent Acquisition" OR "Recruiter") AND "Chennai"



Name: Karthikeyan Rajendran
Years of exp : 11 
Role: QA Architect
Current Org : EPAM Systems
Skills: Selenium WebDriver, Cypress, Playwright, PostMan, RestAssured, Supertest, SpringBoot, Wiremock, Java, JavaScript, SQL, Redis, JMeter, K6, Gatling  
Certification: EXIN Agile Scrum Master Certificate, Apache JMeter Intro and Pro Certificate, RPA Developer Foundation Certificate

The above information is a short profile about myself. Building my linked profile. Help me in writing the about me section with clear result driven activities including framework design using multiple design pattern like bridge design pattern, decorator design pattern , factory design pattern, adapter design pattern , builder design pattern and testing microservices and Rest API using spring boot framework , service mocking using wiremock and  mockito , contract testing, Event driven architecture using kafka, and exposure around devops tools like using  sonarqube, maven , GIT,  Jenkins, docker and  kubernetes, Having experience with continuous monitoring tool like splunk, prometheus, grafana, Add insightful experience with metrics like percentage of save for the organization


Quality always plays a major role in decides whether the business leads to the success (or) failure path.

Aristotle once said, “Quality is a Habit, it’s not an act”. Therefore providing a quality product (or) service once is not enough for an organisation. They should follow the standard quality practices, and deliver quality products (or) services consistently. 

And I am the person, one who ensure the quality of the product throughout the Software Development Life Cycle.

Executive Summary:

» Highly capable Test Automation Engineer with exceptional 10.8-years record in delivering high-impact 
 and strategically significant projects with excellent client feedback

» Talented test automation engineer with experience in creating test automation framework based on 
 Page Object Model(POM), Behaviour Driven Development(BDD) and also have an experience in test 
 automation framework integration with DevOps pipeline.

» Comprehensive background in Software Testing, Manual and Automation Testing, Mentor, Article 
 Writer, Agile Testing, Continuous Testing, Client-Side Performance Testing, Internal Quality Auditing

» Outstanding success in building test automation framework with customer and internal organisation

» Proven record for implementing customer centric approach in QA environment

» Experience in presenting thoughtful ideas in internal organisation workshops

» Exceptional leadership skills, strong in driving change and capable of working round-the-clock to 
 meet organisational objectives

» Perform the mentor of the QA team and enable the mentee's to achieve the quality goals consistency

» Implemented 40-50% automation in whole manual test cases for all running projects. We are in the 
 road map to achieve 60-70% automation in whole manual test cases for upcoming projects




LinkedIn About Me:

Executive Summary:

» Highly capable Test Automation Engineer with exceptional 10.8-years record in delivering high-impact 
   and strategically significant projects with excellent client feedback

» Talented test automation engineer with experience in creating test automation framework based on 
   Page Object Model(POM), Behaviour Driven Development(BDD) and also have an experience in test 
   automation framework integration with DevOps pipeline.

» Comprehensive background in Software Testing, Manual and Automation Testing, Mentor, Article 
   Writer, Agile Testing, Continuous Testing, Client-Side Performance Testing, Internal Quality Auditing

» Outstanding success in building test automation framework with customer and internal organisation

» Proven record for implementing customer centric approach in QA environment

» Experience in presenting thoughtful ideas in internal organisation workshops

» Exceptional leadership skills, strong in driving change and capable of working round-the-clock to 
   meet organisational objectives

» Perform the mentor of the QA team and enable the mentee's to achieve the quality goals consistency

» Implemented 40-50% automation in whole manual test cases for all running projects. We are in the 
   road map to achieve 60-70% automation in whole manual test cases for upcoming projects


When we use select tag non select
normalize space

How Selenium Manager works internally 


Buisness Section

Project Section - Growth based section


Selenium WebDriver, Cypress, Playwright, PostMan, RestAssured, Supertest, SpringBoot, Wiremock, Java, JavaScript, SQL, Redis, JMeter, K6, and Gatling.

In addition, I have extensive experience working with DevOps tools such as SonarQube, Maven, Git, Jenkins, Docker, and Kubernetes. I also have exposure to continuous monitoring tools such as Splunk, Prometheus, and Grafana.


Use Case:

Can someone help me in how to developer script in python for test data  validation for data science project

Request from client is to develop script in python for test data validation

For example the script has to identify  1. What percentage of provided test data is with null values   2. How the date, numerical and boolean fields are cleaned or  not like these

Solution: Use Pandas Library


RAM, CPU, DISK

Recent version edge driver launching the driver, to start your session

ps -ef | gerp chromedriver

kill <pid>

whoami


ec2-16-16-124-120.eu-north-1.compute.amazonaws.com


ssh -i selenium-ubuntu.pem ubuntu@ec2-16-16-124-120.eu-north-1.compute.amazonaws.com

scp -r -i "qa-key.pem" ubuntu@ec2-13-51-55-250.eu-north-1.compute.amazonaws.com:"/home/ubuntu/" "/Users/karthistestlab/Downloads/health-check.sh"   

netsat

nmap <your ip address>

curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
sudo apt install unzip
unzip awscliv2.zip
sudo ./aws/install

19-May-2023 06-55-32

ssh default port number is 22

{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "AddPerm",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": "*",
            "Action": "s3:GetObject",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::reports-html-selenium/*"
        }
    ]
}

CPU, Memory, Disk

df

root drive

df / | tail -1 | awk '{print $5}'

top -bn1 | grep "%CPU( s )"

ps -ef

bitnami

Cloud Agnostic (Multi Cloud)

Jenkins Build Periodically

Format:- MINUTE HOUR DOM MONTH DOW

Date of month : DOM  Day of the week : DOW

Classroom Exercise !!

1) Clone one of my github repo 

    -> https://github.com/TestLeafInc/webdriver-tests

2) Setup a webhook on the repo settings

3) Go to your jenkins --> set up a new job --> choose freestyle --> enable git --> place git repo info --> select GitHub hook trigger for GITScm polling --> save

4) Make a code change in the existing repo, and commit 

5) Finally, Confirm your commit triggers the job 

Debugging Tips:

1) Go to the github repo: look at the trigger details --> recent deliveries
2) Then go to jenkins system log and understand what went wrong !!

-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no

sudo fuser -k 80/tcp

mvn spring-boot:run

nohup

pipeline will be owned by Dev or devops team and QA test will ust be stage correct

Pipeline Syntax

declarative, scripted

environment{} -> Pipelin level

Different ways to tigger a Jenkins Pipeline or Job


https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/docker-selenium

I possess expertise in designing frameworks using various design patterns, such as the bridge, decorator, factory, adapter, and builder patterns. Additionally, I am proficient in testing microservices and REST APIs using the Spring Boot framework, performing service mocking with Wiremock and Mockito, conducting contract testing, and implementing event-driven architecture using Kafka.

I implemented a generic test automation framework in a scaled agile project, which accelerated other teams' adoption of test automation. This resulted in a 30% reduction in total testing effort, saving the company $100,800 annually.

By integrating a Lighthouse script into the pipeline, I successfully reduced the First Contentful Paint (FCP) response time to under 1.8 seconds, surpassing industry standards. This improvement led to a 20% increase in website traffic.

I reduced test data creation time by 40% by creating a REST API using Spring Boot, Faker, and Redis.

These are some of the professional impacts on my career. I'm a person who is passionate about quality and tech-savvy. I tend to focus on maintaining high technical standards. If I were to be given the opportunity, I am confident in my ability to achieve similar groundbreaking results while being part of your team.


Before commencing testing, it is imperative to clearly define the purpose and scope of the testing effort, which includes specifying what is included within the scope and what is excluded. For instance, consider a payment application like GPay or PayPal, which necessitates comprehensive testing encompassing functional, performance, security, and usability aspects. Given that these payment apps cater to a diverse user base, I dedicated considerable time to analyze the most commonly used browsers and mobile platforms. I assessed the current test coverage and have plans to expand it. In formulating the test strategies, I also applied the Pareto principle, through which I can identify and prioritize business-critical scenarios.


I focused on delivering a high-quality product that provides business value. I also ensured that the team delivers quality to their customers. Based on this, I managed the testing process using the shift-left approach. This involved understanding customer needs and the development approach through Three Amigos meetings. Additionally, I performed regular tasks such as organizing bug triage meetings to identify and prioritize previously tracked issues. I generated and shared regular status reports, defect reports, and test execution reports with stakeholders. I facilitated reviews and sign-offs at the end of each testing phase, which sometimes included the development, product management, and quality assurance teams.


Efficeiny in Test Automation: Before embarking on the implementation of test automation for any project, it is essential to conduct a thorough analysis of the project's requirements and the technical stack that the development team plans to implement. Based on this analysis, the right tools and frameworks should be carefully selected to align with the project's specific needs, optimizing test execution to save both time and resources. This approach enhances the efficiency of automation across any project.

Trustworthiness: Ensuring the reliability of automation tests is crucial. The goal is to have tests that produce consistent and repeatable results. This requires robust scripting practices, handling of dynamic elements, and thorough error handling. A Test Automation Specialist should strive to reduce false positives and negatives in test results.

Continuous Learning and Adaptation: The field of test automation is constantly evolving with new tools, technologies, and best practices. Staying up-to-date and continuously learning is essential. Specialists should adapt to changing project requirements and be proactive in suggesting improvements to the automation process.

Continuous Learning and Adaptation: The field of test automation is constantly evolving with new tools, technologies, and best practices. Staying up-to-date and continuously learning is essential. Specialists should adapt to changing project requirements and be proactive in suggesting improvements to the automation process.
